
                           About application
                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. General information

  This is an electrontube catalogue. Its database contents base type, pin-out
and some parameters of components. This database is refreshing continuosly.

  OS support: Linux and Windows.
  Language support: English and Hungarian.

  You can download two version of this application:
  - You can try out it with 'Trial' version for free. You can redistribute
    this version and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU GPL 3.0 or later.
  - By buying the 'Pro' version, youobtain non-transferable right to use
    application and updates without restriction. 'Pro' version is distributed
    WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. You can copy and share it for free without personal
    registration key, but decoding and analysing inner construction is are not
    allowed. You are not allowed to transfer the registration for other person.
    You may install this software on all operation systems of computer and all
    of the users on computers may use it.

  Categories of database:
    Cathode ray tube (for oscilloscope) Gas filled full-wave rectifiers (X)
    Counter tubes (dekatrons)           Gas filled half-wave rectifiers (W)
    Counter tubes (nomotrons)           Gas filled voltage stabilizer
    Diode-duodiode (AB)                 Half-wave rectifiers (Y)
    Diode-duodiode-powerpentodes (ABL)  Heil tubes
    Diode-duodiode-triodes (ABC)        Heptodes (H)
    Diode-heptodes (AH)                 Hexodes (H)
    Diode-pentodes (AF)                 Nonodes (Q)
    Diode-tetrodes (AE)                 Octodes (K)
    Diode-triodes (AC)                  Pentode-secunder emission tube 
    Diodes (A)                          Pentode-tuning indicator (FM)
    Display tubes (Nixie tubes)         Pentodes (F)
    Display tubes (flurotrons)          Photocells 
    Display tubes (numitrons)           Power pentodes (L)
    Duo-half-wave rectifiers (YY)       Power triodes (D)
    Duo-powerpentodes (LL)              Tetrode-power pentodes (CL)
    Duo-powertriodes (DD)               Tetrode-power tetrodes (CL)
    Duodiode-pentodes (BL)              Tetrode-secunder emission tube
    Duodiode-power pentodes (BL)        Tetrodes (E)
    Duodiode-triodes (BC)               Thyratrons (N)
    Duodiodes (AA)                      Triode-heptodes (CH)
    Duodiodes (B)                       Triode-hexodes (CH)
    Duopentodes (FF)                    Triode-pentodes (CF)
    Duotetrodes (EE)                    Triode-power pentodes (CL)
    Duotriodes (CC)                     Triode-power tetrodes (CL)
    Full-wave rectifiers (Z)            Triodes (C)
    Gas filled current stabilizers      Tuning indicator tube - "magic eye" (M)

  The base database of both applications contains 4147 electrontube data. Trial
version uses xedf type, pro uses encoded, cxedf type datafiles. Pro version
application's database updates monthly. In on-line mode, Tubes2 notifies about
available updates.

2. Registration and support

a. Free trial product key 
   You can order trial (with 1 month time-limit) product key for free. Everyone
order it one time only. To order, fill out registration form (reg_form.txt,
annexed to application) or on-line form on homepage.

b. Free product key(s) - in exchange translate 
  If you translate the 'translate package' to any language you can get 2 pieces
personal (home use only - 1 computer) licences or 1 pc. education/non-profit
organisation/commercial (2-5 computers) licence for free. To apply, fill out
registration form (free_reg_form.txt, annexed to application) or on-line form
on homepage. If the language, what you have specified is busy, your request
will be rejected. I will send e-mail about it.

  Conditions:
  - Just give free licence to the completely translated package. You will get
    serial number and keyfile after I checked the package.
  - Character set must be UTF-8.

  Translate package: http://www.pozsarzs.hu/tubes/tubes2_translate.zip
  Released language packages will downloadable for both (trial/pro) versions.

c. Registration 
  If you want to buy normal licence without time-limit, fill out registration
form (reg_form.txt, annexed to application) or on-line form on homepage.

d. Support/advertise 
  If you are electrontube manufacturer or distributor and you want a cheap
advertisement then support Tubes2 projekt. I show your web address in link box
on Tubes2 applications and on homepage of the project, and include your
electrontubes to Tubes2 database. To apply, fill out support form
(support_form.txt, annexed to application) or on-line form on homepage.

  After you sent the registration form, you will receive a confirmation e-mail
with the amount to be paid. After paying you will receive invoice in PDF
format.

3. Installer packages

a. for Linux
  tubes2-trial-2.1-1.i386.rpm
  tubes2-trial-2.1-i586-1.txz
  tubes2-trial-2.1-i586.bin
  tubes2-trial-2.1-i586.tar.gz
  tubes2-trial-2.1.package
  tubes2-trial_2.1-1_i386.deb
  tubes2-pro-2.1-1.i386.rpm
  tubes2-pro-2.1-i586-1.txz
  tubes2-pro-2.1-i586.bin
  tubes2-pro-2.1-i586.tar.gz
  tubes2-pro-2.1.package
  tubes2-pro_2.1-1_i386.deb

b. for Windows
  tubes2-trial-2.1-win32.exe
  tubes2-trial-2.1-win32.msi
  tubes2-trial-2.1-win32.zip
  tubes2-pro-2.1-win32.exe
  tubes2-pro-2.1-win32.msi
  tubes2-pro-2.1-win32.zip

c. source package
  tubes2-trial-2.1.tar.gz

4. Settings

  On linux use 'LANG' environment variable to set language of the application.
  (English: en_US, Hungarian: hu_HU).

5. Important information

  Copyright (C) 2008-2016 Pozs√°r Zsolt <pozsarzs@gmail.com>

a. Terms and conditions of the 'Trial' version:

  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

b. Terms and conditions of the 'Pro' version:

  - This application is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
  - You can copy  and  share this software for free without personal
    registration key.
  - You  are   not allowed to  decode  and  analyse  inner contruction
    of this software.
  - You are not allowed to transfer the registration for other person.
  - You may install this software on all operation systems of computer and
    all of the users on computers may use it.

6. Download and contact

   Homepage:             <http://www.pozsarzs.hu>
   Facebook:             <http://www.facebook.com/pozsarzs.hu>

   Author:               Pozsar Zsolt self-employed
   Tax ID:               60407850-1-36
   Registration num.:    20703695
   
   E-mail:               <pozsarzs@gmail.com>
   
   Phone:                +36 56/470-272
   Fax:                  +36 56/470-272
   Mobile:               +36 30/359-8783
   Postal address:       Pozsar Zsolt
                         Kurazsi Fo ut 1.
                         HU-5430 Tiszafoldvar
                         Hungary

   GIRO:                 10400061-67514856-53531005 (K&H Bank)
   IBAN:                 HU08 1040 0061 6751 4856 5353 1005
   PayPal:               pozsarzs@gmail.com

